End-User License Agreement (EULA)
---------------------------------

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between
you and Real World Developers

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our software
directly from Real World Developers or indirectly through a Real World
Developers authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the
installation process and using the software. It provides a license to
use the software and contains warranty information and liability
disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the software, this EULA agreement
will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing and/or
using the software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software
and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or
other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind
such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do
not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and
conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Software,
and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Real
World Developers herewith regardless of whether other software is
referred to or described herein. The terms also apply to any Real World
Developers updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support
services for the Software, unless other terms accompany those items on
delivery. If so, those terms apply.

### License Grant

Real World Developers hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable,
non-exclusive licence to use the software on your devices in accordance
with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the software (for example a PC, laptop, mobile
or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your
device meets the minimum requirements of the software.

You are not permitted to:

-   Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole
    or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the
    Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other
    software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the
    Software or attempt to do any such things
-   Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software
    for any commercial purpose
-   Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the
    benefit of any third party
-   Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local,
    state, national or international law
-   use the Software for any purpose that Real World Developers
    considers is a breach of this EULA agreement

### Intellectual Property and Ownership

Real World Developers shall at all times retain ownership of the
Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of
the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other
intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software,
including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the
property of Real World Developers.

Real World Developers reserves the right to grant licences to use the
software to third parties.

### No Warranties

Real World Developers expressly disclaims any warranty for this
software. The software and any related documentation is provided 'as is'
without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including,
without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising
out of use or performance of the software remains with you.

### No Liabibility for Damages

In no event shall the author of this Software be liable for any special,
consequential, incidental or indirect damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business
interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss)
arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if the
Author of this Software is aware of the possibility of such damages and
known defects.

### Indemnification

You agree to defend Real World Developers, its parent, subsidiaries,
affiliates and/or their respective successors and assigns, officers,
directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, advertisers,
business and promotional partners, operational service providers,
suppliers, resellers and contractors (the 'Real World Developers
Indemnified Parties') against any and all claims, demands and/or actions
and indemnify and hold the Real World Developers Indemnified Parties
harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from any
breach or violation of this EULA, infringement, misappropriation or any
violation of the rights of any other party, violation or noncompliance
with any law or regulation, the breach or violation of any term or
condition of your Agreement with us, any use, alteration or export of
the Software or otherwise in connection with this EULA. We reserve the
right to assume, at our expense, the exclusive defense and control of
any claims or actions and all negotiations for settlement or compromise,
and you agree to fully cooperate with us upon our request.

### Termination

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the
software and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at
any time upon written notice to Real World Developers.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term
of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by
this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all
access and use of the Software. The provisions that by their nature
continue and survive will survive any termination of this EULA
agreement.

### Governing Law

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection
with this EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of United States.
